Holiday next week
Next week with financial injection
Business for generations
Standing next week with huge assets
Even the many expenses of food and clothing for my five divine fetuses
Staff expenses also depend on the holiday next week
Nice
This Fang family also disliked the people of Worden Martial Arts
And the daughter of the Fang family is of outstanding age and talent
Known as the ultimate spiritual cloud
There are so many suitors.
The adults went to the wedding ceremony this time
It must be difficult
I'd like to see if this Fang family still remembers me
Help them break through the beast for a while
Let's see if they still want to let this marriage go
Yes, my lord.
I used to have some friends with the town next week
Can introduce the Town Marquis to the adults
Adults establish a foothold in the Fang family
If you need help, you can ask the town to help you
You don't have to worry about that
I will observe the sky over the Su family next week
Under the gathering of black clouds
After I visited the Fang family
The next stop will be Su Jing
I'm afraid something big will happen then
You go back to the Martial Saint Platform and prepare early
Wait for me anytime.
order